Traits for circle with two origins (#1638)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000209/properties/P000110.md

---
space: S000209
property: P000110
value: true
---

Write a point in $S^1$ as its angle $\theta$ and let $(\theta, \phi)$ be the arc from $\theta$ to $\phi$. Let the two origins of $X$ be written as $\theta = 0_1$ and $\theta = 0_2$.

> For each integer $n \ge 1$, let $\mathscr U_n$ be the open cover of $X$ consisting of all open arcs of length $\frac{1}{n}$ which do not contain the origin, plus open arcs of the form $((-\frac{1}{n}, \frac{1}{n}) \setminus \{0\}) \cup \{0_i\}$ where $i = 1$ or $2$. These open covers give a development for $X$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each integer $n \ge 1$, let $\mathscr U_n$ be the open cover of $X$ consisting of all open arcs of length $\frac{1}{n}$ which do not contain either of the origins, plus open arcs of the form $((-\frac{1}{n}, \frac{1}{n}) \setminus \{0\}) \cup \{0_i\}$ where $i = 1$ or $2$. These open covers form a development for $X$.
```
